I still suffer well, we're here to talk some more.
under the theme on the very cool subject you are smarter
perpendicular
so to represent you better I put here in the stylistic cat the
institution
and two grandchildren
ciao ya thais
in some cases as the burning is reduced
which has a coefficient of grinding
or integrate
they almost know me to finish
but your point in those goals are going to be written so we will not get in too much
in common on this merit
already home more by another side
How does the mullah sit?
that I can feel the air
khatami people that the world
of the love that exists in front and herrera
do not forget we always need to measure 2 20
fails counterclockwise
so for example
the hamburg wants until he is going to make elcio that is why the coefficient to
ball touching the beam
it will be so special
the place is even going to do with us but if the offer
that's why the grind coefficient on the straight is whether it will certainly offer
what is the relation that has to exist if mpf also wants to see it appear
is that those two who became sick perpendicular
if you stop a little pink house so that the northern
who will be so good and who has as one of his tormentors that the guardianship
there is an action that says the following
in a triangle one of the external students
will always be the sum of the other two inmates
was from there that I return not from May the creators that the sum
of the other two inmates
here folks
I can then close is 90 degrees but hall
Besides that
I'm going to say that the black tangent is equal to the tangent
of 90 michael I came back since we are equal
so what will definitely berta we know there at coralnet website kurt a
people hire more alpha equals less with so many alpha people
we have to remember that it points in the opposite direction, the people
but what is minus sign - in several people is one about the tragedy
so I'm doing alpha tangent prank I'm going to pass on here
multiplying
How are you going to stay?
so we just wait, we hosted the -1
now remembered this year's explanation and who is currently trying to try to feel
formulated straight lines that try to alpha because you feel now report reacting
whenever two ships but perpendicular the producer who made
things without horny dollars will always give less one
that she needed a straight
he takes a second try is a part of her home and two of adhesion
perpendicular reminds us of the product we meet are glued on both straight
try to give at least one
I played such good evidence that it was substantial